Mr. Roland Crutchfield:
I am contacting you regarding the open positions as a Premier League Data Analyst at ChryonHego.  I believe that I would be an immediate contributor as well as a great long-term asset to your EPL analysis team, or any of your varied sport enhancement groups.
The position available in the EPL division intrigues me the most and it is where I feel that I can be most valuable to ChryonHego. I grew up in playing football in Chicago since the age of five. I loved and still love the game and played competitively for Colgate University until injuries ended my playing career. However, I have remained in close touch with the game due in large part to my network of friends who are mostly former players and fanatics as I am. I must admit that the rising popularity has made it far easier for me to watch the weekly EPL games than it was a decade ago. I believe that this lifetime of involvement of both playing and watching makes me a candidate who satisfies the need for tactical knowledge of the game.
I love the English Premier League. In my opinion, there is no other football league in the world that delivers the quality, excitement and consistently competitive format that The Premiership does. In fact, for the 2016-17 season, I reached out to my football loving friends and convinced 20 of them to take part in a match picking competition that I have spent the time to research, develop, create and manage as commissioner. I will soon launch this competition of ours online so that they can access and participate directly from the web.
I have embarked upon this project as a way of melding my love of the EPL with my developing skill set as a full-stack developer. I began this education in January of this year by stepping into a Java series that taught the basics of the language as well as some of its internet and database applications. I am currently continuing this education in a software bootcamp in which I have learned HTML, CSS, Javascript as well as furthering my knowledge of database interaction. I believe that this education in addition to my seven years of experience as a financial options trader covers a familiarity with computers.
Of course, at ChryonHego the staff would be teaching me your own proprietary software. I have experience learning new software bundles as it was an important skill that I mastered over the course of my trading career. I am also a quick learner who is willing to work hard. Perhaps most importantly, I am a team player. Throughout my career, I was called upon to mark-up the opponent’s top player and counted on to convert if the match went to penalties.  At the end of my last high school season, I was awarded the Best Teammate Award. Although the award is now almost twenty years old, I was its first recipient.
I would love the chance to speak further about working as an Analyst for ChryonHego’s EPL division. I appreciate your time and I hope to hear from you in the future.
Cheers,
Willie Witten


